README.md, before:

# [Polfy Melvor UserScripts](https://pierreyvesflamand.github.io/Polfy-Melvor-UserScripts/)

![Total Installs](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=1203&message=Total%20installs&color=green&style=flat)
![Daily Average Installs](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=13&message=Daily%20average%20installs&color=yellow&style=flat)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Discord&color=lightgray&style=flat&logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/hAdGcWc4nY)

This is the repository of all my userscripts for [Melvor Idle](https://melvoridle.com/).

▶ [Check the website version](https://pierreyvesflamand.github.io/Polfy-Melvor-UserScripts/)

## Table of content

-   [How to use](#how-to-use)
-   [UserScripts](#userscripts)
    -   [Melvor Auto Loot](#melvor-auto-loot)
-   [Contributing](#contributing)
-   [Contact](#contact)

## How to use

The best and common way to use these userscripts is by installing the [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) extension.

Follow the instructions to install [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) on your browser.

You will be automatically prompt whenever an update of the userscript is pushed.

## UserScripts

### Melvor Auto Loot ![Melvor Version](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Melvor&message=v1.0.2&color=red&style=flat)

#### Installation

-   Follow [How to use](#how-to-use)
-   Get the userscript on [Greasy Fork](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/435548)

#### Usage

-   Click the `Auto Loot` button to toggle auto looting

    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PierreYvesFlamand/Melvor-Auto-Loot/main/autoLootExample.png" width="350" title="Example of monster items drop rates" alt="Example of monster items drop rates">

## Contributing

Join my [Discord](https://discord.gg/hAdGcWc4nY) to directly chat with me and give feedbacks or suggestion.

If you find any issues, please let me now on [Discord](https://discord.gg/hAdGcWc4nY) or directly in the [Issues tab](https://github.com/PierreYvesFlamand/Polfy-Melvor-UserScripts/issues) of Github.

## Contact

You can find me on several places as Polfy#6924 :

-   My [Discord](https://discord.gg/hAdGcWc4nY)
-   The [Melvor Idle Discord](https://discord.gg/melvoridle)

Commit message:

Import Melvor Better Completion Log

README.md, after:

# [Polfy Melvor UserScripts](https://pierreyvesflamand.github.io/Polfy-Melvor-UserScripts/)

![Total Installs](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=1203&message=Total%20installs&color=green&style=flat)
![Daily Average Installs](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=13&message=Daily%20average%20installs&color=yellow&style=flat)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Discord&color=lightgray&style=flat&logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/hAdGcWc4nY)

This is the repository of all my userscripts for [Melvor Idle](https://melvoridle.com/).

▶ [Check the website version](https://pierreyvesflamand.github.io/Polfy-Melvor-UserScripts/)

## Table of content

-   [How to use](#how-to-use)
-   [UserScripts](#userscripts)
    -   [Melvor Auto Loot](#melvor-auto-loot)
    -   [Melvor Better Completion Log](#melvor-better-completion-log)
-   [Contributing](#contributing)
-   [Contact](#contact)

## How to use

The best and common way to use these userscripts is by installing the [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) extension.

Follow the instructions to install [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) on your browser.

You will be automatically prompt whenever an update of the userscript is pushed.

## UserScripts

### Melvor Auto Loot ![Melvor Version](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Melvor&message=v1.0.2&color=red&style=flat)

#### Installation

-   Follow [How to use](#how-to-use)
-   Get the userscript on [Greasy Fork](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/435548)

#### Usage

-   Click the `Auto Loot` button to toggle auto looting

    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PierreYvesFlamand/Melvor-Auto-Loot/main/autoLootExample.png" width="350" title="Example of monster items drop rates" alt="Example of monster items drop rates">

### Melvor Better Completion Log ![Melvor Version](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Melvor&message=v1.0.2&color=red&style=flat)

#### Installation

-   Follow [How to use](#how-to-use)
-   Get the UserScript on [Greasy Fork](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/438058)

#### Usage

-   Shows images of undiscovered items, monsters, pets and open wiki page on click

    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PierreYvesFlamand/Melvor-Better-Completion-Log/main/betterCompletionLogExample.png" width="350" title="Better completion log example" alt="Better completion log example">
    <br />
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PierreYvesFlamand/Melvor-Better-Completion-Log/main/betterCompletionLogTooltipExample.png" width="350" title="Better completion log tooltip example" alt="Better completion log tooltip example">

## Contributing

Join my [Discord](https://discord.gg/hAdGcWc4nY) to directly chat with me and give feedbacks or suggestion.

If you find any issues, please let me now on [Discord](https://discord.gg/hAdGcWc4nY) or directly in the [Issues tab](https://github.com/PierreYvesFlamand/Polfy-Melvor-UserScripts/issues) of Github.

## Contact

You can find me on several places as Polfy#6924 :

-   My [Discord](https://discord.gg/hAdGcWc4nY)
-   The [Melvor Idle Discord](https://discord.gg/melvoridle)
